

   Geometry is simply a homogeneus volume filled with LAr.
   Neutrinos generated at (0,0,0), directed along z
   All particles except photons and unstable neutrals stopped
   immediately after their generation.
   Photon transport threshold at 50MeV
   In the root file You'll find different trees, all friends.
   The Header is similar to the one used for simple neutrino events,
   with the addition of a variable with the total number of tracks
   from the vertex (NumTracks) and an array keeping the correspondence
   between particle type and track number (acc, coming from fortran
   there is an offset.. IdTrack[0] is the type of the 1st particle
   from vertex..) 
   The Hits tree contain information for inelastic interactions, and
   for crossing of boundaries (this one not useful here..I cloned from
   another simulation..)
   The inelastic int are in the variables with "Ine" in the name. For
   each Int, up to  NIneHits, you have the information of the
   position, type, time, and particle type originating the
   interaction. You also have the number of generated
   secondaries.
   All secondaries in an event are stored in a list up  to
   NTIneSec. Cross-reference between interaction and secondary is
   provided by the index of inelastic hit  attached to the secondary,
   and to the index of first secondary attached to the hit.
   For all particles, you also get a "track number", this is
   incremented each time a new particle is generated, and attached to
   it. You also get the conection with the ancestor from the initial
   interaction (IdParIne). This is meaningful only for nrutrino or
   proton decay interactions.
   The other tree, Stt, is not active at the moment. it can be used to
   store energy depositions.
   You can find variable names in FlukaHeader.h and FlukaHits.h in the
   same area.

   Interaction types :
     101 = inelastic
     102 = decay
     217 = pair production
     219 = Compton
     221 = photoelectric
     225 = Rayleigh
      12 = Stopping
Paola
   

